[Girl smiling in front of trees with orange, red, and brown leaves](emcatonline.github.io/emcatonline/images/EMHeadshot.jpg)
Hello avid blog readers, my name is Emma (she/her)! I am currently a junior at Christopher Newport University pursuing degrees in English and Leadership Studies with a minor in Communications. Because of my busy academic schedule, I was unable to add a second minor but if I could, it would be Digital Humanities because of my interest in interactive and educational resources. Luckily, this class fulfills an English requirement while also allowing me to dip my toes into the realm of Digital Humanities.

I have always struggled with picking what I want to do with my life after graduation but after approximately five Major changes and a trillion career ideas, I have decided that I am interested in working for a non-profit, more specifically working with animals. As of right now, I hope to work in the D.C. area for a year or two after graduation and then pursue a master’s degree in Nonprofit Administration and perhaps, pursue a doctorate degree. This is still only an idea, because three months ago, I was sure I would be a teacher and look where I am now!

Outside of the classroom, I accidentally spread myself very thin. I am the newly elected Panhellenic Council President. This next calendar year, I will be overseeing the seven Panhellenic sororities on campus, including my chapter of Gamma Phi Beta. I also plan the Women’s Leadership Summit, which feeds right into my raging feminism. By being involved with Greek life, I was given the opportunity to join Order of Omega, the Greek Leaders Honor Society. I currently volunteer at the Virginia Living Museum in the Bird and Mammal Department which has helped me realize my love for working with animals, past playing with my cats and dogs at home. I work in the Office of Admission as a Student Ambassador, a job that keys heavily into my ENFP personality. Lastly, I am the music director of my a cappella group Extreme Measures which stands as the sole reason I am still sane with the workload I present to myself. Being involved, though overwhelming at times, gives me a purpose that I will never take for granted. Though my calendar is full of meetings, classes, and events, I have never been more at peace with myself. My successes and future endeavors are the reason I can keep going.

On a less serious note, I am an avid reader (I just finished Majesty by Katherine McGee, I recommend the series) and I love to crochet. I am adopting a new kitten in the next few weeks that my family fostered over winter break, and I have never been more excited to have an animal in my life. Her name is Sunshine, named after my grandma’s and my song, “You Are My Sunshine.” I was going to get a tattoo of a sun for her, but she prefers the cat! I love to sing and write music, and I find joy in creativity. As said by Hans Hoffman, “To sense the invisible and to be able to create it, that is art,” and I am excited to create for the rest of my life. I hope you enjoy my creations in this site! 
